content/about/index.md, before:

---
title: 'About Me'
avatar: 'me.jpg'
skills:
  - NAV/BC 365
  - RDLC/SSRS Reports
  - Power Platform
  - Azure
  - Docker
  - Powershell
  - DevOps
  - MS SQL Server
---

Hello, my name is Ledian Leka,

I consider myself a creative, correct, scattered and restless person.

At the end of 2020, due to things in life, I got to know the immense world of ERP, until then I had not heard anything about Navinson/Business Central or its history. 

Although I had programmed for 2 years and a half in another technology everything was new to me. I found myself with a huge wall, so many concepts, so much theory and so much world to discover.
Thus began my career as a "Business Central programmer"

<!-- Hello! Interestingly, I got introduced to programming in my freshman year at [Birla Institute Of Technology,  Mesra](https://www.bitmesra.ac.in/) where I completed my Bachelors in Computer Science and Engineering (2016-2020) with [86.3% aggregate](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1G4UBPBP0mvWZLRdkF_EcpmKKGp7_OA8U/view?usp=sharing).

I'm currently working as a developer for **Bell Canada** in the Amdocs Digital Delivery unit. My responsibilty includes Java/Spring based microservices development & testing. 

I'm also an [Innovation Agent](https://drive.google.com/file/d/117KS9QnDrcg7dllcAzGz_b7qQPgR3pGs/view?usp=sharing) fostering the culture of creativity and innovation at Amdocs, India.

I have been awarded as Winner in [Innovation Nugget](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PzTZkXlQV9ldZxqmBbbO94uIqrhSwvcq/view?usp=sharing), Creativity Jam, [Design Thinking Hackathon](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hXCATvKwzHCvctHtElsqFg5YIqabz22O/view?usp=sharing) and Runners-Up in [Project ICE Fair](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1exB19OoQ5dzU2mg4qbdkNutA25TGBWV3/view?usp=sharing) by Amdocs. -->

Here are a few technologies I’ve been working with recently:

Commit message:

Update portfolio content, certifications, and featured projects
- Add MoreOne Technologies job (June 2024 - Present)
- Update BE-terna date range and expand duties
- Rename IBS to Info Business Solutions
- Update hero subtitle and body text
- Expand About Me section
- Fix AI-900 Credly link
- Replace resume with 2025 version
- Add BE-terna IDC and FLATE theme as featured projects
- Remove QR/Barcode scanner featured project
- Remove leftover template projects
- Replace star icon with local transparent badge images (80x80) for certifications

content/about/index.md, after:

---
title: 'About Me'
avatar: 'me.jpg'
skills:
  - NAV/BC 365
  - RDLC/SSRS Reports
  - Power Platform
  - Azure
  - Docker
  - Powershell
  - DevOps
  - MS SQL Server
---

Hello, my name is Ledian Leka,

I consider myself a creative, correct, scattered and restless person.

At the end of 2020, due to things in life, I got to know the immense world of ERP — until then I had not heard anything about Navision/Business Central or its history. Although I had been programming for two and a half years in another technology, everything was new to me. I found myself facing a huge wall of concepts, theory and a world to discover. Thus began my career as a Business Central developer.

Since then, I've had the opportunity to work across a wide range of industries and clients — from building integrations between Business Central and external APIs, to contributing to a product now listed on Microsoft AppSource, to training end-users and providing technical support. Each step has pushed me to grow both technically and professionally.

Outside of work I enjoy tinkering with side projects — including building VS Code themes, experimenting with open source tools, and exploring new technologies. When I'm not at the keyboard, you'll find me snowboarding, swimming, hiking or traveling.

Here are a few technologies I've been working with recently:
